2 tone
2-step
acid breaks
acid house
acid jazz
acid rock
acid techno
acid trance
acoustic blues
acoustic rock
afoxê
african blues
afro-cuban jazz
afrobeat
aggrotech
algorave
alternative country
alternative dance
alternative folk
alternative hip hop
alternative metal
alternative pop
alternative punk
alternative rock
ambient
ambient dub
ambient house
ambient pop
ambient techno
ambient trance
american primitive guitar
americana
anarcho-punk
anatolian rock
andalusian classical
anti-folk
aor
appalachian folk
arena rock
ars antiqua
ars nova
ars subtilior
art pop
art punk
art rock
atmospheric black metal
avant-folk
avant-garde
avant-garde jazz
avant-garde metal
avant-garde pop
avant-prog
axé
bachata
baião
balearic beat
ballad
baltimore club
barbershop
bardcore
baroque
baroque pop
bass house
bassline
battle rap
batucada
beat music
bebop
beijing opera
benga
berlin school
bhangra
big band
big beat
big room house
black metal
blackened death metal
blackgaze
bleep techno
blue-eyed soul
bluegrass
bluegrass gospel
blues
blues rock
bolero
bolero son
bongo flava
boogie rock
boogie-woogie
boom bap
bossa nova
bounce
breakbeat
breakbeat hardcore
breakcore
breaks
brega
brega funk
brill building
brit funk
britcore
britpop
broken beat
brostep
brutal death metal
bubblegum bass
bubblegum pop
bytebeat
cabaret
cajun
calypso
campus folk
canción melódica
candombe
canterbury scene
cantopop
canzone napoletana
cape jazz
carimbó
carnatic classical
celtic
celtic punk
celtic rock
chacarera
chachachá
chalga
chamamé
chamber pop
champeta
changüí
chanson à texte
chanson française
chicago blues
chicano rap
chillout
chillstep
chillsynth
chillwave
chimurenga
chinese revolutionary opera
chiptune
chopped and screwed
choro
christian metal
christian rock
christmas music
chutney
city pop
classic blues
classic country
classic jazz
classic rock
classical
classical crossover
cloud rap
club
coco
coldwave
comedy
comedy hip hop
comedy rock
compas
complextro
conscious hip hop
contemporary christian
contemporary classical
contemporary country
contemporary folk
contemporary gospel
contemporary jazz
contemporary r&b
contra
cool jazz
copla
corrido
country
country blues
country boogie
country folk
country pop
country rap
country rock
country soul
coupé-décalé
cowpunk
crossbreed
crossover jazz
crossover prog
crossover thrash
crunk
crust punk
cumbia
cumbia villera
cuplé
cyber metal
cybergrind
cyberpunk
d-beat
dance
dance-pop
dance-punk
dance-rock
dancehall
dangdut
dansband
danzón
dark ambient
dark cabaret
dark electro
dark folk
dark jazz
dark psytrance
dark wave
darkstep
darksynth
death 'n' roll
death industrial
death metal
death-doom metal
deathcore
deathgrind
deathrock
deathstep
deconstructed club
deep funk
deep house
deep techno
delta blues
denpa
depressive black metal
descarga
desert blues
desert rock
detroit techno
dhrupad
digicore
digital hardcore
disco
disco polo
dixieland
djent
doo-wop
doom metal
doomcore
downtempo
dream pop
dream trance
dreampunk
drill
drill and bass
drone
drone metal
drum and bass
drumstep
dub
dub poetry
dub techno
dubstep
dungeon synth
east coast hip hop
easy listening
easycore
ebm
edm
electric blues
electro
electro house
electro swing
electro-funk
electro-industrial
electroclash
electronic
electronic rock
electronica
electronicore
electropop
electropunk
electrotango
emo
emo pop
emo rap
emocore
enka
éntekhno
epic collage
ethereal wave
euro house
euro-disco
eurobeat
eurodance
europop
exotica
experimental
experimental big band
experimental hip hop
experimental rock
extratone
fado
fidget house
filk
finnish tango
flamenco
flamenco jazz
flashcore
folk
folk metal
folk pop
folk punk
folk rock
folktronica
footwork
forró
forró eletrônico
forró universitário
freak folk
freakbeat
free folk
free improvisation
free jazz
free tekno
french house
frenchcore
frevo
fuji
funaná
funeral doom metal
funk
funk carioca
funk metal
funk rock
funk soul
funkot
funktronica
funky house
fusion
future bass
future funk
future garage
future house
future jazz
futurepop
g-funk
gabber
gagaku
gangsta rap
garage house
garage punk
garage rock
għana
ghazal
ghetto house
ghettotech
glam
glam metal
glam punk
glam rock
glitch
glitch hop
glitch pop
go-go
goa trance
goregrind
gorenoise
gospel
gothic
gothic country
gothic metal
gothic rock
grebo
gregorian chant
grime
grindcore
groove metal
group sounds
grunge
guaguancó
guajira
guaracha
gypsy jazz
gypsy punk
happy hardcore
hard bop
hard house
hard rock
hard trance
hardbass
hardcore hip hop
hardcore punk
hardcore techno
hardstyle
hardvapour
harsh noise
harsh noise wall
hauntology
heartland rock
heavy metal
heavy psych
heavy rock
hexd
hi-nrg
highlife
hindustani classical
hip hop
hip house
hiplife
honky tonk
hopepunk
horror punk
horrorcore
house
hyperpop
hyphy
idm
idol kayō
illbient
impressionism
indian pop
indie
indie folk
indie pop
indie rock
indietronica
indorock
industrial
industrial hardcore
industrial hip hop
industrial metal
industrial musical
industrial rock
industrial techno
instrumental
instrumental hip hop
instrumental jazz
instrumental rock
irish folk
italo dance
italo-disco
j-core
j-pop
j-rock
jaipongan
jazz
jazz blues
jazz fusion
jazz rap
jazz rock
jazz-funk
joik
jùjú
juke
jump blues
jump up
jungle
jungle terror
k-pop
kabarett (German political satire)
kaseko (Suriname)
kasékò (Guiana)
kawaii future bass
kawaii metal
kayōkyoku
keroncong
khyal
kizomba
kleinkunst
klezmer
könsrock
korean revolutionary opera
krautrock
kuduro
kwaito
latin
latin ballad
latin jazz
latin pop
latin rock
latin soul
leftfield
levenslied
line dance
liquid funk
lo-fi
lo-fi hip hop
lolicore
louisiana blues
lounge
lovers rock
lowercase
luk krung
luk thung
madchester
mainstream rock
makossa
maloya
mambo
mandopop
mangue beat
manila sound
march
marchinha
mariachi
marrabenta
martial industrial
mashcore
maskanda
math rock
mathcore
mbalax
mbaqanga
mbube
medieval
melodic black metal
melodic death metal
melodic dubstep
melodic hardcore
melodic metalcore
melodic rock
melodic techno
melodic trance
mento
merengue
metal
metalcore
miami bass
microhouse
microsound
midtempo bass
milonga
min'yō
mincecore
minimal
minimal drum and bass
minimal techno
minimal wave
mod
modal jazz
modern blues
modern classical
modern country
mood kayō
moombahcore
moombahton
mor lam
morna
motown
mpb
musical
musique concrète
narcocorrido
nasheed
nashville sound
nature sounds
nederpop
neo soul
neo-progressive rock
neo-psychedelia
neo-rockabilly
neo-traditional country
neoclassical dark wave
neoclassical metal
neoclassicism
neofolk
nerdcore
neue deutsche härte
neue deutsche welle
neurofunk
neurohop
new age
new beat
new jack swing
new romantic
new wave
nightcore
no wave
noise
noise pop
noise rock
noisecore
non-music
norteño
northern soul
nova cançó
nu disco
nu jazz
nu metal
nu skool breaks
nueva canción
nueva trova
nuevo flamenco
nuevo tango
nyū myūjikku
occult rock
oi
old school death metal
old-time
onkyo
opera
operatic pop
orchestral
orchestral jazz
outlaw country
p-funk
pachanga
pagodão
pagode
pagode romântico
paisley underground
palm-wine
parang
partido alto
pasodoble
peak time techno
philly soul
phleng phuea chiwit
phonk
piano blues
piano rock
piedmont blues
plainchant
plena
plunderphonics
political hip hop
polka
pop
pop metal
pop punk
pop rap
pop rock
pop soul
pop yeh-yeh
porn groove
pornogrind
porro
post-bop
post-classical
post-grunge
post-hardcore
post-industrial
post-metal
post-minimalism
post-punk
post-rock
power electronics
power metal
power noise
power pop
powerviolence
production music
progressive
progressive bluegrass
progressive breaks
progressive country
progressive electronic
progressive folk
progressive house
progressive metal
progressive pop
progressive rock
progressive trance
proto-punk
psybient
psychedelic
psychedelic folk
psychedelic pop
psychedelic rock
psychobilly
psytrance
pub rock
punk
punk blues
punk rap
punk rock
qaraami
qawwali
queercore
quiet storm
r&b
raga rock
ragga
ragga hip-hop
ragga jungle
ragtime
raï
ranchera
rap metal
rap rock
rapcore
rautalanka
rave
rebetiko
red dirt
red song
reggae
reggae-pop
reggaeton
renaissance
rhythmic noise
ritual ambient
rock
rock and roll
rock opera
rockabilly
rocksteady
romantic classical
roots reggae
roots rock
rumba
runo song
ryūkōka
salegy
salsa
samba
samba-canção
samba-choro
samba-exaltação
samba-reggae
samba-rock
sasscore
schlager
schranz
screamo
sea shanty
seapunk
séga
sertanejo
sertanejo raiz
sertanejo romântico
sertanejo universitário
shibuya-kei
shoegaze
sierreño
singer-songwriter
ska
ska punk
skacore
skate punk
skiffle
skullstep
skweee
slam death metal
slow waltz
slowcore
sludge metal
smooth jazz
smooth soul
soca
soft rock
son cubano
son montuno
songo
sophisti-pop
soukous
soul
soul blues
soul jazz
southern gospel
southern metal
southern rock
southern soul
sovietwave
space age pop
space ambient
space disco
space rock
spectralism
speed garage
speed metal
speedcore
splittercore
spoken word
steampunk
stoner metal
stoner rock
street punk
stride
surf rock
swamp pop
swamp rock
swing
symphonic black metal
symphonic metal
symphonic prog
symphonic rock
symphony
synth funk
synth-pop
synthwave
taarab
tango
tech house
tech trance
technical death metal
techno
techno bass
techno kayō
techstep
tecnobrega
teen pop
tejano
terrorcore
texas blues
texas country
third stream
thrash metal
thrashcore
thumri
timba
tizita
traditional country
trance
trap
trap edm
tribal ambient
tribal house
trip hop
tropical house
tropicália
trot
trova
tsapiky
tsugaru-jamisen
turbo-folk
turntablism
twee pop
uk drill
uk funky
uk garage
uk hardcore
underground hip hop
urban cowboy
vallenato
vaportrap
vaporwave
vaudeville
viking metal
visual kei
vocal house
vocal jazz
vocal trance
waltz
war metal
wave
west coast hip hop
west coast swing
western
western swing
witch house
wonky
wonky techno
xote
yacht rock
yé-yé
zamba
zamrock
zarzuela
zeuhl
zolo
zouk
zydeco